chore: add istio to kind-deploy skill (#919)
k0rdent/kof: .agents/skills/kind-deploy/SKILL.md

---

## Step 5 — Optional: Set up Istio service mesh

Skip this step if you do not need Istio. When Istio is used, some later steps differ — see Steps 10 and 11.

This step must be run **before** `make dev-deploy` (Step 9) because the `kof` namespace must be pre-created with the Istio injection label before KOF is installed. If Helm creates the namespace via `--create-namespace`, the injection label will not be set and sidecar injection will not work.

### 5a — Pre-create the KOF namespace with injection enabled

```bash
kubectl create namespace kof

> kubectl label namespace kof istio-injection=enabled

Author: Need to fix in Makefile

```

### 5b — Clone the istio repo (if not already done)

```bash
cd ..
git clone https://github.com/k0rdent/istio.git
cd istio
```

### 5c — Build and push Istio charts to the local registry

```bash
make cli-install

> make registry-deploy

Reviewer: I guess this step is covered by `make kcm-dev-apply` in step 4 so should be deleted here, right?

```suggestion
```

- Ensure `cloud-provider-kind` container is running
- `kubectl --context=kind-regional-adopted get gateway -n kof`

**Istio sidecar injection not working after `dev-deploy`**
- The `kof` namespace must have the injection label set **before** `dev-deploy` runs

> - If the namespace was created by Helm (without the label), delete it and re-run from Step 5a: `kubectl delete namespace kof` then repeat Steps 5a and 9

Reviewer: I guess this is more simple, quick, and safe:

```suggestion
- If the namespace was created by Helm (without the label), restart all pods in `kof` namespace to enable istio sidecars: `kubectl delete pod -n kof --all`
```
